# Spatial-Functional-Changepoints
Github repository for the paper entitled Evaluating Fingerprint of Mt. Pinatubo Eruption on Stratospheric Temperatures with Spatial Functional Changepoints. 

The detailed simulation results are all uploaded in "detection_simulation". (In my code newplot_12.R, I directly call "/Users/mengchen/Box/detection_simulation/d_", phi, "_", rho, "_", nnull, "_", nfile to read from Box.)

For all remaining files, I keep the folder and file name as in my local device, so the read and write path could direct you to the plot or data generated.

All simulation related files are uploaded to "Extension".
In Extension/detection_simulation:
- new_12_d.png: 12 means the number of null locations. d for detection related metrics and e for estimation related metrics.
- newplot_12.R: is the file to generate the above figure.
- summary_2_1_12_0.39.Rdata: generated by newplot_12.R. 2 for spatial correlation, 1 for signal strength, 12 for number of null locations, 0.39 for the value picked to match FDR with FF. "Summary" contains major metrics, "logFF" is the log of CI of FF method, and "logBH" is for our proposed method.
- To generate the simulation results, use code in "kick_off_simulations".
- Other files have an additional Readme file in detection_simulation/fdr_auc_results. The reference code files are in detection_simulation/FDR_AUC_code.

The original real data files were shared by Lyndsay, not sure if I could forward it. If you need reference, could ask her to get the original data files.


The data after full preprocessing is in IGRA_global/IGRA_global_aggregate11_cstd.

Code and results for global aggregated study are in IGRA_global/agg11_2_4.
- plots_code.R contains the code to plot changepoint map, functional data before and after the changepoint.
- figure2.R is the most recent code for the grid map.


MW to do: 
- find the preprocessing code for the real data.


